Add signal logging & CHRP documentation (#105)
CrossTheRoadElec/Phoenix6-Documentation: source/docs/api-reference/api-usage/orchestra.rst

Orchestra
=========

> Orchestra is a feature of compatible Talon FX motors that actuates the rotor at specific frequencies using a CHRP file, creating audible output. This can be used to play music through motors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatible motors powered by Talon FX have the ability to produce audible output through the MusicTone control request. The Orchestra API extends this ability and orchestrates multiple motors to play music.
```
